{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh12580\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 #README for Converting Plot Data to Plant Data\
#Sarah Lipps\
#2024-10-16\
\
I truly am uncertain how many people will truly be using this in the future. \
But I have spent an immense amount of time suffering through this pipeline.\
So hopefully no other student will have to suffer through\
\
Architecture of folder org:\
 ~/splitting_plots/2024/ToSplit\
~/splitting_plots/2024/SplitDone\
~/splitting_plots/run-id-generator.sh\
\
1. Create a \'93ToSplit\'94 folder. This will contain any files to split into plant data. Make sure a copy of \'93plant-id-generator.py\'94 is in the ToSplit folder.\
\
2. Create a \'93SplitDone\'94 folder. This folder should be empty.\
\
3. Run \'93run-id-generator.sh.\'94 Make sure that it is directing to the appropriate folders. This shell script splits the plots, then adjusts the name to something more readable. I hate when outputs give you stupid names.\
\
4. Create \'93Ready2Rate\'94 Folder\
\
5. Place copy of PrepSplitDone4Table.rmd into Ready2Rate. This combines the SplitDone output files with the OG duo file to create a plant file that is nearly ready for database upload and to use on the Galaxy Tablets.\
\
####################################################################################\
################Bluetooth Share Files to Tablet using MacOS ###############################\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ####################################################################################\
\
Go to Finder/Applications/Utilities/Bluetooth File Exchange\
Select the files you want to send to the tablet\
Select the tablet\
With the tablet screen unlocked, hit accept when the file share notification pops up\
All your files should be in the \'93Download\'94 folder on the tablet.}